Since I didnt do well in 2021 due to time and some genetic AI issues I figured I will up my game this year. 

My goal for the first event was to build the perfect bot using Heuristics. 
Heuristics is best for a problem like this because you can put a number on every node. 

My number was "Res Gained per turn"

With this I played around with a few different strategies untill i found the following sequence:

A) Handle Upkeep
B) Gather my needs for growth factoring resource priority x population (3 times)
C) Try and Gather Max Resources for storage

The optimizations here were to get gathering as efficient as possible. 

Once I was efficient enough I had extra units. I used them to cycle wood into heat. I calculated the perfect population for a 2500 round match, and used any extra units to stockpile heat towards a goal. 

The last step after stockpiling heat was gathering resources for tier advancements in advance,

Calculating at what tick the population advancement will be so that I can start stockpiling as early as possible. 


At this stage there was only one scenario bothering me. 
As far as numbers this bot is 99% perfect except for one possible scenario that I have yet to test. 
Can I send units to a node the same turn they would finish.


I need to test these cases. 
A) Can I send units the same turn they return
B) Can I interact with a node the same turn the units would finish.
**Conclusion is no, The bot resolves the nodestates and sends it to the players, then you make your moves, if you make a move ahead of this there will be conflicts, as its realtime...

Regardless of this feature.
By bot is already capable of maxing out its population and storages against my version that does not stockpile heat. 


I will test this a bit later. by looking at when units will return and seeing if I can send it out again same turn as its return. 

As a secondary point, the second event is all about speed. So I optimized my own bot to beat my opponents on processing times. 
So i managed to cut my processing time down to 0.3 - 2MS per turn. closer to 0.3 MS where it matters in endgame. 

Pottential improvements...
I could possibly not add food to my stockpile till my heat is resolved for a stronger game.

Will test against my own bot to see if i can get more heat out earlier this way. Food will just never be a problem. 
 

